[DOCS-2554] add sigv4 (#11795)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/api_tests/http_tests.md

  * **Follow redirects**: Select to have your HTTP test follow up to ten redirects when performing the request.
  * **Request headers**: Define headers to add to your HTTP request. You can also override the default headers (for example, the `user-agent` header).
  * **Cookies**: Define cookies to add to your HTTP request. Set multiple cookies using the format `<COOKIE_NAME1>=<COOKIE_VALUE1>; <COOKIE_NAME2>=<COOKIE_VALUE2>`.

  {{% /tab %}}

  {{% tab "Authentication" %}}

  * **HTTP Basic Auth**: Add HTTP basic authentication credentials.

>   * **AWS Signature V4**: Enter your Access Key ID and Secret Access Key. Datadog will generate the signature for your request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **AWS Signature V4**: Enter your Access Key ID and Secret Access Key. Datadog generates the signature for your request.
```
